auto-update = check
auto-update-channel = stable
background-opacity = 0.95
background-blur = 20
confirm-close-surface = false
copy-on-select = true
cursor-style-blink = false
shell-integration-features = no-cursor
custom-shader-animation = true
custom-shader = shaders/cursor_warp.glsl
font-family = PlemolJP Console NF
font-family = NanumGothicCoding
font-feature = -dlig
font-size = 14
adjust-cell-height = 20%

keybind = super+shift+\=new_split:right
keybind = super+shift+-=new_split:down
keybind = super+shift+h=goto_split:left
keybind = super+shift+j=goto_split:down
keybind = super+shift+k=goto_split:up
keybind = super+shift+l=goto_split:right
keybind = super+i=inspector:toggle
keybind = super+r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+s=toggle_quick_terminal
macos-titlebar-style = transparent
macos-option-as-alt = left
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
quick-terminal-animation-duration = 0.08
quick-terminal-position = center
shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = no-cursor
theme = TokyoNight
window-padding-x = 4
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-color = extend
